STORY 7 -- UNDO:

As a player
I want to be able to undo a move I regret, including all ghost moves made since my previous move,
so that I can continue the game in the state just before my last move.

STORY 7.1 -- UNDO MOVE THE PLAYER (ISAAC)

As a player
I want to press the "UNDO" button
so that my last move is undone

	Scenario S7.11: Undo the player moves. 
Given the game has started,
  and my Pacman has made a movement;
When the user presses the "Undo" button;
Then my Pacman should revert to its previous cell.


	Scenario S7.12: Undo the player eats.
Given the game has started,
  and my Pacman is on a cell that contained food;
When  I press the "Undo" button;
Then my Pacman should revert to its previous cell,
  and I lose the points for that cell,
  and the food re-appears on that cell.		

STORY 7.2 -- UNDO MOVE THE GHOST (NATASHA)

As a ghost
I want to move back to a previous tile when the user presses "UNDO"
So that the game returns to a previous state

Scenario S7.21: Undo the ghost moves. 
Given the game has started
  and a Ghost has made movements
When  the user presses the "Undo" button
Then  the game should reverse the previous Ghost movement
Note:
Test with multiple Ghosts (reverse the movements of each Ghost)
Test with repeated presses to the "Undo" button (each press should undo the Ghosts' movement in the reverse order that they were performed)
Test after all the actions have been "Undo"ne (Further modifications to the game should not be made)

Scenario S7.22: Undo the ghost moves over food.
Given the game has started 
	and a Ghost has moved over food (ghost does not eat food)
When a user presses the "Undo" button
Then the game should reverse the Ghost movement and display food where the ghost was

Scenario S7.23: Undo the ghost leaves a food cell.
Given the game has started 
	and a Ghost has moved off a piece of food
When a user presses the "Undo" button
Then the game should reverse the Ghost movement and display the ghost where the food was (ghost does not eat food)

STORY 7.3 -- STARTUP (ISHAN)
As a player
 I want to start the game
so that I can actually play

Scenario S7.31: Undo at start of game.
Given the game has started,
	and my Pacman has not made a single movement since the start of the game;
When I press the Undo button;
Then my Pacman will stay on the same cell,
	and the ghost will move to the original position at the start of the game.

STORY 7.4 -- RESTART THE GAME (ISHAN)
As a player,
 I want to be able to restart the game after winning or loosing;
So that I can enjoy another JPacman game.

Scenario S7.41: Undo at end game.
Given the game has ended;
When I press the Undo button;
Then the game will not do any undo movements.

STORY 7.5: SUSPEND THE GAME (SARAH)
As a player,
 I want to be able to suspend the game;
So that I can pause and do something else.

Scenario S7.51: Undo at suspended game.
Given the game has started
  and movements have been made
  and the game is "Suspended"
When  the user presses the "Undo" button
Then  the game should not be able to undo any movements

STORY 7.6: SHOW CONTROLS (SARAH)
As a player
	I want to be able to see the game controls
So that I know how to play the game

Scenario S7.61: Show "UNDO" button
Given that the game is launched
Then the game should show the "UNDO" button



